fix(align.met): use length(stamps.hr) instead of stamps.hr as the rep() each argument (#4012)
PecanProject/pecan: modules/data.atmosphere/NEWS.md

# PEcAn.data.atmosphere 1.9.1.9000

## Fixed

> * `align.met()`: fixed a silent data-corruption bug in the ensemble-source code path. When the source data was at a coarser time step than the training data (`align == "repeat"`), `rep(dat.tem, each = stamps.hr)` passed the full `stamps.hr` vector as the `each` argument. R silently uses only the first element in that case, producing the wrong replication count (half the training hour-step rather than the number of output sub-steps per source step). The fix matches the equivalent single-time-series path: `each = length(stamps.hr)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `align.met()` now correctly calculates output timesteps in cases where the source data is at a coarser time step than the training data and `align == "repeat"` (#4012, @anshul23102).
```
